PROGRAMMING LOGIC


Question 1

A farmer lives on next to a river. 
One day, he crosses the river in a small boat and purchases a fox, a chicken, and a bag of seeds. 
When the farmer returns to his boat to cross the river again and go home, he realizes he has a problem.
The farmer can only take one item in his small boat at a time, otherwise he risks capsizing. 
He cannot leave the fox alone with the chicken, because the fox will eat the chicken. 
He cannot leave the chicken alone with the seeds, because the chicken with eat the seeds.
How does the farmer successfully get all three items across the river?

1ยบ : Take the chicken to the other side of the river and come back
2ยบ : Take the seeds to the the other side of the river and come back with the chicken
3ยบ : Leave the chicken, take the fox to the other side of the river and come back
4ยบ : Take the chicken to the other side of the river



Question 2

You own a factory that labels and boxes apples and oranges for shipping. 
One day, the labeling machine malfunctions and incorrectly labels the containers of fruit.
Your coworker decides to play a game. 
He pulls up three crates and tells you that one of them has apples, one has oranges,and the last one has both apples and oranges in it. 
You can see that one is labeled "A" for apples, another "O" for oranges, and the third "A+O" for both apples and oranges. 
Your coworker reminds you that all three crates are incorrectly labeled.
You get to pick one crate, and your coworker will pull a fruit out of it and show you what it is. 
You get to do this only one time. 
How can you determine, without a doubt, which crate has apples, which one has oranges, and which one has both?

Solution:
As we know that all the boxes are incorrectly labeled, we know that: 
      Box labeled 'A' contain Oranges or 'Oranges and Apples'
      Box labeled 'O' contain Apples or 'Oranges and Apples'
      Box labeled 'A + O' contain Apples or Oranges

Choose the box that's labeled 'A+O'.

   Case 1: Your coworker pulls an Orange. As a consequence, it contains only Oranges. Then we know that the box labeled 'A' contains 'Oranges and Apples' and therefore box 'O' contains Apples

   Case 2: Your coworker pulls an Apple. As a consequence, it contains only Apples. Then we know that the box labeled 'O' contains 'Oranges and Apples' and therefore box 'A' contains Oranges
